Added FAQ to resources (#62)
paralus/website: docs/References/troubleshooting.md

  - *Try killing & restarting the prompt pod*
  - *Check logs from Relay Agent to see if there is any error*
  - *SSL certificate mismatch/error, Ensure that you use the correct SSL certificates as the ingress tends to reject incorrect ones*

---

## Frequently Asked Questions

### 1. What is Paralus?

An open source access manager for Kubernetes clusters, Paralus enables teams to provide secure access to Kubernetes clusters. It lets you create and manage access control policies for people, teams and services across multiple Kubernetes clusters without requiring any modifications to your firewall.

> Users can simply import K8 clusters into Paralus projects and define rights on a project to project basis. You can also use Paralus to set up any SSO service using GitHub, Azure AD, Okta, etc. so that users can sign-in onto their clusters with the access rights they were given. 

Reviewer: Have we tried azure ad ? let's add the names of ones we have tried and tested only.

It also records logs for audit and compliance, so you can see who and when did what on your K8s infrastructure. Paralus can be used with a web GUI, CLI, or API.

### 2. Is Paralus a CNCF Project?

> Paralus is currently a candidate in the CNCF Sandbox application process.

Reviewer: I guess we can update this now.

### 3. How and where can I try it myself?

You can download and install Paralus for free on [GitHub](https://github.com/paralus/paralus). Alternatively, we’ve setup a one-click installer on [Digital Ocean Marketpace](https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/apps/paralus) to make it even easier. We also have several quickstart guides on the the [blog](https://paralus.io/blog/).

### 4. Is there support or an enterprise license available?

> Support for Paralus is available via [community Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/paralus/shared_invite/zt-1a9x6y729-ySmAq~I3tjclEG7nDoXB0A). Enterprise licensing and support is offered with Rafay’s Kubernetes Operations Platform.

Reviewer: Need to revisit this as paralus is now a cncf sandbox project

### 5. How is this different from Teleport?

> Teleport while it also has the ability to provide secure access to Kubernetes clusters is a much more clunky solution as it:

Reviewer: Teleport does have some additional features which Paralus does not, better to mention that as well

- Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA): Enhances security by requiring additional authentication factors beyond just a password.
- Session Recording and Audit Trails: Teleport records user sessions and access events, providing a comprehensive audit trail for compliance and security monitoring.

While it also has the ability to provide secure access to Kubernetes clusters is a much more clunky solution as it:

- requires setup per cluster
- requires the use of Kubernetes secrets to mount the Teleport user token to the cluster
- requires login first to a bastion Teleport server

Paralus does not require any of these steps. It’s simply import your cluster and get started. User roles and responsibilities are not mixed with infrastructure deployments and management. Teleport does have some advanced functionality today such as session recordings which allow platform admins to capture the actions a user has performed and watch them again. These kinds of functionality are in the roadmap for Paralus in the near future.

### 6. I installed Paralus correctly, however, I'm unable to access the password reset link?

> This happens when the password reset link has expired. The password reset link generated at the time of installing Paralus is valid only for 10 minutes. You can regenerate the URL by referring to our [password reset URL documentation](#password-reset-link-expired).

Reviewer 2: @techmaharaj we need to update this, since now we have started generating password and this is not longer relavent. May be we can add applicable for paralus versions < v0.2.0

Reviewer 2: Since v0.2.0, we can obtain default password using below and will be forced to reset during first login.

`kubectl logs -f --namespace default $(kubectl get pods --namespace default -l app.kubernetes.io/name='paralus' -o jsonpath='{ .items[0].metadata.name }') initialize | grep 'Org Admin default password:'`

### 7. I am getting x509 certificate error, what should I do?

This is because of an incorrect SSL certificate configuration. If you're trying it your local setup, you can deploy Paralus without configuring SSL. Follow our kind quickstart guide. However, if you're deploying Paralus with a domain name on a cloud Kubernetes platform, follow the SSL guide to setup SSL certificate correctly.

### 8. I am unable to provide a password on the password reset page?

Please ensure that you are not using a simple password like 123, password etc. Paralus uses Ory Kratos for authentication and it doesn't allow to set such simple passwords. You can read more about [password policy here](https://www.ory.sh/docs/concepts/password-policy).

### 9. Does Paralus support LDAP with AD integration?

> As of 0.1.9, Paralus doesn't support LDAP with AD integration. Paralus uses Ory Kratos under the hood for user management which currently doesn't support LDAP as well. However, Paralus does allow you to configure third party identity providers and configure it as SSO.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of 0.2.5, Paralus doesn't support LDAP with AD integration. Paralus uses Ory Kratos under the hood for user management which currently doesn't support LDAP as well. However, Paralus does allow you to configure third party identity providers and configure it as SSO.
```
